Do I know this person?
He must not know the truth
Have to go like this
Look.
Isn't that cool?
That's him!
You look weak.
Bad taste
Master, you are back
The little master is yelling that his butt hurts
I haven't eaten anything all day.
Please hurry up and persuade
How is he hurt?
Doctor Qin, have you seen it?
This is the case.
Why is Stone's birthday in May?
Yeah, I feel weird too.
I asked madam
He said it was property
You go first
So handsome
Sorry Mr. Gu
Let me take a look.
Look.
Right?
Is this man a star?
So he's not me.
Mr. Gu, you also like Nana
Nana, right?
A big man
Why is the name so girly?
Oops, Mr. Gu, you are too stereotypical.
Our Nana is a handsome girl.
She is a girl!
What the hell is that?
Definitely
Hello Chen
Find a way
Help me get Lin Yoyo and Shi's hair
I want a DNA test.